networkSpeed              = medium
networkMTU                = 1400
displayDamage             = true
quickBuy                  = true
itemComparison            = true
extraRollovers            = true
lockItemPickup            = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
mapZoom                   = 100
importedCharacters        = true
textureQuality            = high
shadowQuality             = high
shadows                   = true
reflectionQuality         = high
detailLevel               = high
resolution                = 2560 1440
antiAliasing              = true
fullscreen                = false
syncToRefresh             = false
tripleBuffer              = false
cameraShake               = true
detailObjects             = true
advancedEffects           = true
brightness                = 0.5
contrast                  = 0.5
gamma                     = 0.5
ScaleUI                   = high
HudType                   = 1
GameSpeed                 = high
masterVolume              = 0
musicVolume               = 0.99
effectsVolume             = 0.99
dialogVolume              = 0.99
inputVolume               = 0.5
ambientFrequency          = medium
rockOn                    = false
speakerType               = medium
device                    = Direct3D
language                  = "Chinese"
datapath                  = ""
forceSingleProcessorMode  = true
skipCompatibilityChecks   = false
useArchives               = true
